ADVAN CI N G
TH E E N E RGY
TR AN S ITI O N
2023 Sustainability Report
AAeeccoonn 22002233 SSuussttaaiinnaabbiilliittyy RReeppoorrtt 22
ABOUT AECON
Aecon Group Inc. (TSX: ARE) is a North American
construction and infrastructure development
company with global experience. Aecon delivers
integrated solutions to private and public sector
clients through its Construction segment in
the Civil, Urban Transportation, Nuclear, Utility
and Industrial sectors, and provides project
development, financing, investment, management,
and operations and maintenance services through
its Concessions segment.
SCOPE OF THIS REPORT
This Sustainability Report is for Aecon Group Inc. and includes information
regarding its subsidiaries and joint ventures. Unless otherwise noted:
(i) all information in this report is presented as at, and for, the year ended
December 31, 2023; and (ii) the data and analysis relates to Aecon and
not its suppliers or clients. All dollar amounts are expressed in Canadian
currency (CAD). References to “we,” “our,” “us,” “the Company” and
“Aecon” mean Aecon Group Inc. and its subsidiaries.
On the cover: Oneida Energy Storage Limited Partnership, Ontario. We will play a pivotal
role in delivering the first and largest utility-scale battery energy storage project in Canada. John Hart Dam, British Columbia
Aecon 2023 Sustainability Report
Table of Contents
Introduction 2 What We Build 11 How We Build 17 Appendices 39
About Aecon 2 Energy Transition Project Environment 18 Social 24 Sustainability Performance
Highlights 12
Our Purpose and Impact 4 Management Approach 19 Management Approach 25 Dashboard 40
Opportunity Across Aecon 13
2023 Performance Highlights 5 Operationalizing Sustainability – Indigenous Relationships 26 Sustainability Disclosures 42
2023 International Financial Featured Work 2023 – Clean Power Innovation and Leadership in Working with Indigenous Peoples Sustainability Risks 45
Communities Can Rely On 14 Green Construction 20
Reporting Standards (IFRS) and Businesses 28 Sustainability Opportunities 52
Sustainability Disclosure Featured Work 2023 – GO Rail Operationalizing Sustainability –
Safety Always 29 Climate-Related Scenario Analysis 57
Standards Highlights 6 Expansion and Electrification 15 Sustainability Across the
Featured Work 2023 – Enhancing Project Life Cycle 21 People: Where Opportunity United Nations Sustainable
Leadership Message 7 Meets Impact 30 Development Goals (SDGs) 59
Existing Energy Assets 16 Working Toward Net Zero
Message from the CEO 7 Construction 22 Community Investment 32 Governance – Board Skills
and Experience 61
Message from the Board Chair 8 Greenhouse Gas Emissions Governance 33
Key Trends Shaping Our Inventory 2023 23
Management Approach 34
Business Context 9
Building Smarter 35
Engagement and Materiality 10
Board of Directors and
Committees 36
Ethics and Risk 37
Bow River Bridge, Alberta. Alberta Transportation engaged
Aecon to twin this bridge to serve growing communities in Calgary.
Aecon 2023 Sustainability Report 4
OUR PURPOSE AND IMPACT
Aecon’s purpose is to build what matters to enable future generations to thrive. We build and
operate infrastructure that meets today’s needs while addressing tomorrow’s complex challenges,
including the imperative to rapidly advance the energy transition. As we do this essential work,
we’re committed to acting responsibly in every area of our business.
WHAT WE BUILD HOW WE BUILD
From clean energy assets to sustainable transportation and water Aecon is working with researchers, innovators, suppliers, leading public
management infrastructure, Aecon is working with our clients to and private sector clients, and local and Indigenous communities to
advance the energy transition and lay the foundations for thriving, drive progress in sustainable construction.
sustainable communities.
Pages 17–38 describe the environmental, social and governance
Pages 11–16 describe our work with clients to accelerate the energy practices that guide our business and operations.
transition and support thriving communities.
Pattullo Bridge Replacement Project, British Columbia. Aecon was part of a 50-50 joint venture John Hart Dam Seismic Upgrade Project, British Columbia. Aecon leads the
to design, build and partially finance this project connecting Westminster and Surrey. consortium in upgrading earth stabilization for stronger seismic resilience.
WHAT WE BUILD
From clean energy assets to sustainable transportation and water
management infrastructure, Aecon is working with our clients to
advance the energy transition and lay the foundations for thriving,
sustainable communities.
Pages 11–16 describe our work with clients to accelerate the energy
transition and support thriving communities.


HOW WE BUILD
Aecon is working with researchers, innovators, suppliers, leading public
and private sector clients, and local and Indigenous communities to
drive progress in sustainable construction.
Pages 17–38 describe the environmental, social and gover
[...]