2023
INTEGRATED REPORT
OUR ESG ANNUAL DISCLOSURE
Prepared according to the International Framework <IR> Integrated Reporting
SASB & GRI Standards and contribution to the SDGs
1
ABOUT THIS REPORT
We present Adecoagro’s 2023 Integrated well as the material issues through which we
Report, which consolidates ESG information show our impacts on the economy, the planet
from all of our businesses in Argentina, Brazil and people. This document is presented for
and Uruguay, from January 1st to December validation to the members of the Board of
31st, 2023. Directors prior to its publication.
For the preparation of this document, we used At the end of the document, we present the
as a reference the 2021 version of the Global Independent Public Accountants’ Limited
Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards, GRI’s 13 Assurance Report on the 2023 Integrated
sector standard for Agriculture, Aquaculture Report.
and Fishing, and the Sustainability Accounting
Standards Board (SASB) applicable to our This Report, together with the documents
businesses. We also applied the International issued in previous years, are available at
Reporting Framework <IR> Integrated https://sustainability.adecoagro.com/en/
Reporting for the preparation and structuring reports/
of most of the report’s chapters.
Further information on the company's financial
The company’s Board of Directors is the performance can be found at
governing body responsible for reviewing https://ir.adecoagro.com/
and approving the information presented, as
Our Morteros Dairy Plant (Córdoba, Argentina)
GRI 2-1, 2-2, 2-3, 2-14 22

Our Morteros Dairy Plant (Córdoba, Argentina)

INDEX
01. 02. 03. 04. 05.
Message from the CEO Overview About us Our Sustainable DNA Soil and Water
- 2023 Highlights - Business model - ESG Strategic Approach - Highlights
- 2023 ESG Highlights - Our operations - International Guidelines - Commitment to Environmental Care
- ESG Targets - Our businesses - Materiality Matrix - Regenerative Agriculture
- 2023 Awards - Our products and markets - Value creation, preservation or erosion - Water resources and effluent
- Achieved certifications - Our product family model management
- Financial and operating performance - Competitive strengths - Contribution to the United Nations 2030 - Biodiversity and ecological impact
- 2023 Financial results - Our policies Agenda management
- Company profile and prospects - Our approach to deforestation
06. 07. 08. 09. 10.
Climate & Energy Transition Innovation Our people Our Communities Governance
- Highlights - Innovative Mindset - Our value proposition - Community Program - Board of Directors
- GHG Emissions and Climate Change - Farming - Diversity and Inclusion - Education - Board of Directors committees
- Energy Transition Strategy - Food Safety - Attracting and generating local - Nutrition - Aspects of our governance
- Growing Energy - Our Approach to Food Loss employment - Local Development - Executive Officers
- Our Cutting-Edge Technology: Our - Training and development - Violence prevention - Ethics, Transparency and Integrity
Biodigesters - Performance assessment - Suppliers - Stakeholders and Transparency
- Waste management and Packaging - Health and Safety at work - Customer relations - Trends and factors we analyze
- People’s health and well-being - Strategic partnerships - Enterprise Risk Assessment
3
Integrated Report CEO Overview About us Sustainable Soil and Climate Innovation Our Our Governance Annex
2023 Message DNA Water & Energy people Communities
01. Message from countries where we operate, with a huge potential done in rethinking our processes and structure,
for carbon fixation. Our policies, programs and and in continuing to enhance our already efficient
certifications guide our work in generating a sustainable production models. As I look ahead,
positive impact on the planet, the people and I am confident in our ability to decarbonize our
the CEO
the economy. We will reach our 2030 target by operations while continuing to grow our company.
reinforcing these models and investing in new I am excited about the role we are playing in
technologies with attractive financial returns. the global energy transition, leveraged by our
Such is the case of our production of biomethane outstanding work teams, while working together
I am very happy to present our 2023 Integrated Adjusted Free Cash Flow from Operations of $176
in Brazil, where we have made relevant progress in with our partners and communities.
Report, which shows Adecoagro’s results in million – marking a 7%, 10% and 25% year-over-
replacing diesel consumed by our vehicle fleet, and
creating value through our business model year growth, respectively. Our operational records
we can still scale it up by 15 times. Another example
based on economic, social, environmental and included reaching 12.5 million tons of sugarcane
is our recently inaugurated second biodigester in
governance pillars. For its preparation, we used the crushed in Brazil and produc
[...]