2023
Sustainability Report
3
A MESSAGE FROM OUR CEO
Table of
4
Contents
ABOUT ACADIA HEALTHCARE
6
OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY
8
CARE
OUR PATIENTS
OUR EMPLOYEES
OUR COMMUNITIES
ABOUT THIS REPORT
26
This report highlights our commitment to sustainability ENVIRONMENT
and provides information on our initiatives, programs,
policies, oversight, governance, and performance
around material issues to Acadia Healthcare and our 29
stakeholders. Unless otherwise specifically stated, this GOVERNANCE
report covers Acadia Healthcare’s performance and
disclosures for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023.
This report was prepared using the Sustainability 35
Accounting Standards Board’s (SASB) Healthcare – APPENDIX
Healthcare Delivery Industry Standard and Task Force
SASB INDEX
on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD).
TCFD INDEX
EEO-1
A Message From Our CEO
At Acadia Healthcare (Acadia), our Purpose is to Lead Care In our second annual Sustainability Report, we highlight the progress
with Light. made across these focus areas, with key highlights including:
• Making new technology investments to improve patient care, prioritize
We believe in providing transformative, industry-leading behavioral
patient and employee safety and optimize operational efficiency, including a
healthcare. Our commitment is to redefine the meaning of impactful care
new electronic medical record (EMR), patient safety technology, and team
by infusing it with hope, focus and compassion. Every day, our dedicated
member safety solution
teams come ready to illuminate the path forward for one another, our
patients, their families and our communities. • Supporting the development and growth of our people with a new tuition
CHRIS HUNTER
reimbursement program.
Chief Executive Officer
Consistent with our purpose and beliefs, our focus on Patients,
• Advancing our employee engagement and retention efforts, including the
Community and Governance is highlighted throughout the
rollout of our Path to Purpose clinical onboarding program.
following report.
• Implementing new building and renovation practices designed to reduce
In 2023, led by our Executive Steering Committee, and in line with our facility energy consumption and ensure best-in-class energy conservation
charter to implement new strategies, protocols and practices, along with efforts at Acadia facilities.
investments in new technologies and training programs, we made
Our talented team of approximately 23,500 employees is the backbone of
progress in raising the bar for all of Acadia’s facilities and the behavioral
Acadia’s success. By fostering a diverse and inclusive workplace and
healthcare industry as a whole. We formalized and launched our new ESG
culture, we advance our efforts to elevate our standard of clinical
Strategy to make business decisions that align to our four focus areas:
excellence.
1. Promote and improve the mental health and well-being of our patients.
We hope our stakeholders find value reading about our sustainability
2. Work together to foster a team culture that promotes diversity, safety and journey over the past year.
well-being.
Thank you for your continued interest in and support of Acadia Healthcare.
3. Make a positive impact in the local communities we serve.
Sincerely,
4. Contribute to global sustainability by thoughtfully managing our impact
on the environment.
A Message From About Acadia Our Approach to Care Environment Governance Appendix Acadia Healthcare 3
Our CEO Healthcare Sustainability 2023 Sustainability Report
A Message From About Acadia Our Approa
Our CEO Healthcare Sustainabilit | ch to Care Environment Governance Appendix
y | Acadia Healthcare 3
2023 Sustainability Report

About Acadia Healthcare
Acadia Healthcare (“Acadia” or the “Company”) is a leading provider of behavioral healthcare services across the
United States, operating a network of 253 behavioral healthcare facilities with approximately 11,200 beds in 38
states and Puerto Rico. With approximately 23,500 employees serving over 75,000 patients daily, Acadia is the
largest stand-alone behavioral healthcare company and the #1 pure-play behavioral health provider in the U.S.,
providing behavioral healthcare services to its patients in a variety of settings, including inpatient psychiatric
hospitals, specialty treatment facilities, residential treatment centers and outpatient clinics.
Acadia is positioned to serve a large unmet need in the country with a commitment to clinical
excellence, integration across the continuum of care and strong financial performance.
75K+ ~23.5K ~11.2K
Acute Specialty RTCs CTCs Corporate
(Residential (Comprehensive Office
Patients treated daily Employees beds treatment centers) treatment centers)
~$2.9B 253 * Map as of 3/31/24
2023 revenue Behavioral healthcare facilities
Headquartered in Franklin, Tennessee,
OUR NATIONAL AFFILIATIONS & ORGANIZATIONS
Acadia was founded in 2005 to develop and
operate a network of behavioral healthcare
facilities across the countr
[...]