Delivering
Sustainable
Legacies
Our 2024 Sustainability Report
Table of Contents
1 3 6 9 11
Letter AECOM Sustainable Q&A with AECOM’s
from the CEO at a Glance Legacies President Approach
Lara Poloni to Sustainability-
Related Reporting
12 28 39 44 50
Achieving Improving Enhancing Embedding SASB and
Net Zero Social Governance Sustainable TCFD Tables
Outcomes Development
and Resilience
Across Our Work
Letter from the CEO
Troy Rudd
Chief Executive Officer
Since adopting our Think and Act As we reflect on our achievements This year, we took our initiatives a step
and progress made over the past year, further by improving the diversity of our
Globally strategy, sustainability
I am proud of our team’s unwavering workforce and achieving our near-term
and resiliency have remained
commitment and the progress to our goal of women comprising at least 20%
paramount in our business purpose of delivering a better world. of our leadership. We continue to make
decisions, forming the core of our Our Sustainability Report highlights our further progress against our 35% near-
current strategy. Reflecting this ongoing commitment to embedding term target of women company-wide while
leading sustainability, resilience and also advancing our nongender diversity
commitment, we developed our
governance practices in everything that targets within each region of our business.
Sustainable Legacies strategy
we do. In addition, we have implemented required
that ensures we take action across unconscious bias training and set specific
our organization. Over the past Embracing sustainability in our culture targets within each of our regions. We
Our employees are our greatest asset, also strengthened our professional
year, we’ve made significant
and we have taken several steps to create development programs to help our
progress on these initiatives,
the best workplace in our industry, with employees build meaningful careers and
placing us at the forefront of
sustainability and resilience at the center. foster talent.
sustainable practices. This has Last year, this included implementing
I am pleased to report that these actions
not only extended our competitive required sustainability and related training
are receiving positive feedback. In our
programs to help our employees work
advantage as industry leaders latest employee survey, a record number
safely, sustainably, and ethically. We have
but also enabled us to lead more of employees recommended AECOM
achieved strong employee engagement
as a great place to work. In addition, our
comprehensively, delivering for and training compliance due to our efforts
employee retention midway through fiscal
both clients and the communities for the fourth consecutive year, reflecting
2024 is well ahead of pre-pandemic levels.
we serve. Ultimately, our aim is our commitment to our workforce and
training initiatives. As part of this process We extended these practices focused on
to create a lasting impact on the
our teams are trained on our global social impact by launching our AECOM
planet for future generations.
sustainability risk framework that aligns relief campaign in collaboration with the
with our Sustainable Legacies strategy American Red Cross’s Hawaii Wildfires
and is critical in continually assessing Relief Fund.
project and environmental risks in every
decision we make.
1 | AECOM 2024 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT Letter from the CEO
AECOM has a long and proud history of By engaging with our clients earlier and data, enabling informed decision making
delivering for clients and communities longer, we have created a competitive from site selection to risk identification. As
across Hawaii, and through this campaign advantage in our offering. Our global we embark on pilot projects, our aim is to
we have made a corporate donation scale and experience are proving to be democratize access to this transformative
combined with offering a global matching key differentiators as we are winning work tool, advancing sustainable and resilient
program to collectively raise $300,000 at an all-time sustained high. As part of infrastructure worldwide. Our work on this
to aid in the challenging recovery. On this, we are winning the work that matters tool underscores the type of impact we
a global scale, we partnered with the by focusing our environmental technical can have as a company to promote and
Government of Ukraine to provide program expertise on the largest and most enhance nature and biodiversity.
management and advisory services that profitable markets. Critical pursuits such
will aid in the reconstruction of Ukraine. as the UK Network Rail, California High-
Looking ahead
These are notable examples of the type of Speed Rail, and NEOM International Airport
We are leading across our markets at a
initiatives that unify our teams across the highlight the breadth of our advisory and
time when sustainability factors have
world and deliver sustainable legacies for program management services that, when
become increasin
[...]