2024 ESG Report
Table of Contents
INTRODUCTION 3 OUR PRIORITIES APPENDIX 20
6
X CEO Message 3 X Growth With Integrity 7 X SASB Index 21
X About Us 4 Z Ethical Business Practices 8 X Legal Disclaimer 22
X Overview of Our Strategy 5 Z Governance and Oversight 9
Z Prioritizing Our Focus 10
X Progress Through People 11
Z Employee Engagement & Wellbeing 12
Z Employee Development 13
Z Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, and Belonging (DEIB) 14
X Igniting Impact Through Innovative Technology
15
Z Fostering the Future of Technology
16
Z Innovation Impact 17
Z Intellectual Property Adoption 18
Z Research and Development 19
2
Adeia Inc. 2024 ESG Report
CEO Message
At Adeia, we are committed to initiatives that further establish our integrity and progress through people and technology.
Our collective efforts contribute to a more sustainable future, and our achievements in this area highlight the expertise and
dedication of our talented team of visionaries.
I’m deeply grateful for the support of our employees, customers, and partners. Together, we’re inventing fundamental technologies
that solve tomorrow’s complex problems and drive a sustainable future. This report describes our impact through three key areas:
Growth With Integrity, Progress Through People, and Igniting Impact Through Innovative Technology.
Growth With Integrity Progress Through People Igniting Impact Through
Innovative Technology
Our commitment to governance Our team is the heart of our innovation Innovation is crucial for sustainability in
drives our success and underpins our and business. Recognizing this, we’ve the technology sector. Adeia has over
commitment to ethical growth. Our prioritized a comprehensive talent 11,750 worldwide patent assets and is
Materiality Assessment is a process strategy. Employee engagement advancing media and semiconductor
used to identify and prioritize the most surveys guide our progress and technologies. Our technology inventions
Introduction
significant environmental, social, and continued improvements in Diversity, shape the future of cutting-edge
governance (ESG) issues. It reinforced Equity, Inclusion, and Belonging solutions.
the importance of clear ethics policies. (DEIB), well-being, and professional
development. We continue investing in
We’ve diversified our Board and senior
our people and communities through
management, enhancing our inclusive
various programs and partnerships.
practices and governance.
Adeia remains committed to advancing our ESG initiatives, a dedication integral to driving shareholder value and our business strategy. Thank you
for being part of this journey. Together, we’re driving a future where innovation enriches lives and businesses globally.
Sincerely,
Paul E. Davis
Chief Executive Officer
3
Adeia Inc. 2024 ESG Report
INTRODUCTION X About US
About Us
Adeia’s cutting-edge inventions are the foundational technologies that connect human experiences.
Our technologies power the digital connections of today and tomorrow. We make interactions with TVs,
smartphones, and mobile devices smarter, more immersive, and deeply personal. As an incubator of American Adeia is committed to driving
innovation, our team of scientists, engineers, and technologists are focused on creating future technologies that
enable ubiquitous products long before they become commonplace.
technological progress,
Our patented technologies span the entertainment journey, from content discovery and personalization
to delivering media, including streaming over-the-top (OTT) and Video-on-Demand (VOD), providing a fostering a connected world,
compelling user experience across multiple platforms, and performing advanced data analytics.
In the semiconductor sector, Adeia is at the forefront of innovation with groundbreaking technologies and enhancing the content
like hybrid bonding, which is revolutionizing semiconductor packaging by providing chip-to-chip
interconnections at a higher density and lower resistance than incumbent technologies, powering the
experiences of millions globally.
next generation of high-performance computing, advanced sensing and signal processing, memory
with enhanced bandwidth and performance, and more.
4
Adeia Inc. 2024 ESG Report
INTRODUCTION X Overview of Our Strategy
OUR IMPACT
Our innovations redefine the entertainment experience through our comprehensive media
portfolio that enhances content discovery, personalization, and viewing technologies.
Adeia’s dynamic approach improves digital experiences by delivering greater functionality,
security, and performance. In semiconductors, our pioneering advancements in hybrid bonding,
Overview of Our Strategy
advanced node processing, and semiconductor packaging enhance manufacturing efficiency,
contributing to the evolution of the tech landscape. Our expert team delivers impactful
solutions that meet evolving market needs and drive future technological developments.
Adeia will continue to set the bar in the media and semiconductor markets, improving
various 
[...]