2023
ESG
Report
Safe.
Smart.
Sustainable.
Introduction P.3
Company Highlights P. 4
Company Overview P. 5
Focusing on Core Strengths P. 7
Core Strengths P. 8
Awards & Accolades P. 9
Demonstrating Responsible Governance P. 10
ADT's ESG Pillars P. 12
Ethics P. 13
Supply Chain & Procurement P. 14
Data Privacy & Cybersecurity P. 15
Product Safety & Quality P. 16
ESG Risk Management P. 17
Valuing Our People P. 18
Inclusive Diversity & Belonging P. 20
Expanding Business Employee
Resource Groups P. 21
ADT by the Numbers P. 22
Employee Health & Well-Being P. 23
Environmental Health & Safety P. 25
Driver Safety P. 26
We Are What We Protect P. 27
Investing in Our Communities P. 28
Community Impact P. 30
Advancing Environmental Stewardship P. 33
Environment P. 36
Environmental Management
Overview P. 37
Remote Assistance P. 38
Renewable Energy P. 39
Conclusion P. 40
Appendix P. 41
2023 SASB Index P. 42
Independent Assurance Statement P. 42
Introduction
For 150 years, ADT’s central purpose has been to
protect people and help keep them safe. We help save
lives every day, and that inspires us to continuously
innovate and improve our offerings. Our daily business
practices are guided by our commitment to respecting
the environment, promoting social responsibility, and
leading with responsible governance.
This commitment includes ensuring product safety
and quality for our customers while maintaining their
privacy; fostering an inclusive culture in which our
best-in-class employees are trusted, inspired, and
supported; investing in the communities in which our
teams and our customers live and work; and continuing
to promote environmental stewardship throughout
our organization. The following report highlights our
efforts in these areas throughout 2023, with a goal of
sharing some of our accomplishments as well as our
future potential opportunities.
We engaged SGS United Kingdom Ltd. (“SGS”) to
conduct an independent assurance review to provide
limited assurance on specified metrics, which are
◆
identified by the “ ” symbol throughout this report,
including the SASB Index. SGS's Assurance Statement
can be found here.
3
Company Highlights
Keeping Customers Safe Reducing GHG/Emissions Investing in Diversity Supporting Communities Championing a
Healthy Workplace
Responded to 15.7 million Completed more than Spent more than Donated to more than
Received a Platinum-level
calls for assistance 1 million service and $206 million with qualified 45 nonprofit organizations
from our customers. installation appointments diverse suppliers. across seven states
Bell Seal certification from
Mental Health America.
under the and Washington, D.C.
Remote Assistance Program.
4
4
Company Overview
Focusing on Core Strengths P. 7
Core Strengths P. 8
Awards & Accolades P. 9
Introduction | Company Overview | Responsible Governance | Valuing Our People | Investing in Our Communities | Environmental Stewardship | Conclusion | Appendix
55
Company Overview
ADT provides safe, smart, and sustainable
solutions for people, homes, and small
businesses with an emphasis on innovative
offerings, unrivaled safety, and a premium,
best-in-class customer service experience
delivered by the largest network of smart
home security professionals in the U.S.
Our residential and small business products,
24/7 superior monitoring, and lifestyle-
driven solutions via professionally installed,
do-it-yourself, and mobile offerings are
why ADT remains the most trusted brand in
smart home security.
6
Focusing on Core Strengths
ADT’s commitment to its core focus on security and
smart home offerings was strengthened by the
divestiture of the commercial business in 2023 and
exit of the residential solar business (announced and
implemented in 2024). In addition to simplifying our
business model, the moves allow for greater attention
to ongoing enhancements in our safety and security
offerings which are the primary reasons many people
put their trust in ADT.
7
Core Strengths
Our People Our Partners Our Commitment to Safety
Our field and call center operations comprise a State Farm: In 2023, certain State Farm customers AVS-01: In 2023, The Monitoring Association, with help
nationwide network of sales and service offices, call were able to receive ADT home security products from ADT and in collaboration with Partnership for
centers, and support facilities across the U.S. In total and professional monitoring at a reduced cost as Priority Verified Alarm Response, devised the Alarm
we have 2,400 direct field solution advisors; 3,300 part of the partnership between ADT and State Farm. Validation Scoring Standard (AVS-01). It uses historical
installation and service technicians; and 3,800 customer and real-time information to provide first responders
Google: Our partnership with Google is a combination
care professionals providing support to more than with crucial details, including the severity of the
of the leading security and smart home brand and the
6 million customers, 24 hours a day, 
[...]