April 2025
Sustainability Accounting
Standards Board (SASB)
Disclosures
Asset Management & Custody Activities
AllianceBernstein (AB) presents our 2024 SASB Disclosures. These disclosures cover a range of environmental, social and governance (ESG)
topics that are material to specific industries; in our case, asset management and custody activities.
Accounting Metric Code Disclosure
Transparent Information & Fair Advice for Customers
(1) Number and (2) percentage of (FN-AC-270a.1) Of the 1,127 registered employees at AB, zero employees, or 0% of the total registered,
covered employees with a record of had a disclosure event in 2024. Per SASB guidance, disclosures include investment-
investment-related investigations, related investigations, consumer-initiated complaints, private civil litigations or other
consumer-initiated complaints, regulatory proceedings.
private civil litigations, or other
regulatory proceedings1
Total amount of monetary losses as a (FN-AC-270a.2) AB has not had any monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings associated with
result of legal proceedings associated the marketing and communication of financial product–related information to new and
with marketing and communication of returning customers.
financial product-related information
to new and returning customers2
Description of approach to informing (FN-AC-270a.3) Informing customers about products and services is of the utmost importance to AB in
customers about products and building customer relationships based on trust. Please see Appendix A for more details
services on our approach.
Employee Diversity & Inclusion
Percentage of (1) gender and (2) (FN-AC-330a.1) AB strives to create an environment in which every person has the opportunity to
diversity group representation succeed based on merit, regardless of race, color, religion, creed, ancestry, national
for (a) executive management, origin, sex, age, disability, marital status, citizenship status, sexual orientation, gender
(b) non-executive management, identity expression, military or veteran status, or any other criterion. In our experience,
(c) professionals, and (d) all other we believe diversity of thought and backgrounds leads to better outcomes on behalf of
employees3 our clients.
We continue to focus on offering managerial training, fostering employee resource
groups to instill an inclusive culture, and strengthening our relationships with future
emerging talent to create strong talent pipelines within our local communities.
AB also recognizes the importance of carving and strengthening pathways for
talent within the firm, so we’ve implemented a series of initiatives aimed at providing
both individuals and managers with the tools they need to effectively manage their
career development.
We seek to position AB for success when competing in an increasingly
interconnected world.
Our EEO-1 Data can be found here.
1 Note to FN-AC-270a.1—The entity shall describe how it ensures that covered employees file and update FINRA and SEC forms in a timely manner.
2 Note to FN-AC-270a.2—The entity shall briefly describe the nature, context, and any corrective actions taken as a result of the monetary losses.
3 Note to FN-AC-330a.1—The entity shall describe its policies and programs for fostering equitable employee representation across its global operations.
2
Accounting Metric | Code | Disclosure
Transparent Information & Fair Advice for Customers

Accounting Metric Code Disclosure
Incorporation of Environmental, Social, and Governance Factors in Investment Management & Advisory
Amount of assets under management, (FN-AC-410a.1) AB became a signatory to the Principles for Responsible Investment (PRI) in 2011.
by asset class, that employ (1) This began our journey to formalize our approach to identifying ways to unlock
integration of environmental, social, opportunities for our clients by developing differentiated ESG-related insights and
and governance (ESG) issues, (2) integrating material ESG considerations throughout most of our actively managed
sustainability themed investing, and strategies—a practice that continues today. Because we’re an active manager,
(3) screening integrating material ESG factors is fundamental to our responsible research and
investment processes, representing 78.8% of our actively-managed AUM as of
12/31/24.
For clients wishing to achieve financial objectives with a dedicated ESG focus, we’ve
developed a platform, Portfolios with Purpose, which includes our Sustainable,
Responsible+ and Impact strategies and totals $27.0 billion in AUM as of 12/31/24.
AUM that integrate ESG considerations as of 12/31/24:
Actively Managed Equity: $255.1 billion
Actively Managed Fixed Income: $258.3 billion
Multi-Asset and Alternative: $41.5 billion
Total: $555.0 billion
Portfolios with Purpose as of 12/31/24:
Actively Managed Equity: $22.9 billion
Actively Managed Fixed Income: $2.2 billion
Multi-Asset and Alternative: $1.8 billion
Total: $27.0 billion
Strategies, fu
[...]