Sustainability Accounting Standard (“SASB”)
The table below sets out the SASB disclosures for the year ending 31 March 2024 for 3i Group plc (“3i”). We have chosen to adopt a new version of the SASB standard for
Asset Management & Custody Activities issued in December 2023 that is applicable for accounting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2025.
Table 1. Sustainability Disclosure Topics & Accounting Metric
TOPIC CODE INDICATOR DETAILS
Transparent FN-AC-270a.1 (1) Number and (2) percentage of covered We have no records of investment-related investigations, consumer-initiated
Information & employees with a record of investment-related complaints or other regulatory proceedings that are pending or threatened
Fair Advice for investigations, consumer-initiated complaints, against any current employee.
Customers private civil litigations, or other regulatory
proceedings Employees may engage in private civil litigation, but we are not aware of any
proceedings of significance.
FN-AC-270.2 Total amount of monetary losses as a result of None.
legal proceedings associated with marketing and
communication of financial product related
information to new and returning customers
FN-AC-270a.3 Description of approach to informing customers 3i does not have ‘retail’ customers. It has shareholders, for whose benefit the
about products and services Company is managed. We also manage private funds and co-investment
vehicles, whose investors are professional clients, and various employee
carried interest vehicles. Please refer to pages 110-113 of our Annual report
and accounts 2024, available on www.3i.com/investor-relations for a
discussion of how we engage with our shareholders and fund investors.
Employee FN-AC-330a.1 Percentage of (1) gender and (2) diversity group We make partial disclosures under this heading due to our small headcount.
Diversity & representation for (a) executive management, (b) Please refer to the Sustainability Data Appendix available on
Inclusion non-executive management, (c) professionals, https://www.3i.com/sustainability/ and to pages 53, 54, 118 and 119 of our
and (d) all other employees Annual report and accounts 2024 available on www.3i.com/investor-relations
TOPIC | CODE | INDICATOR | DETAILS
 |  |  | 
Transparent
Information &
Fair Advice for
Customers | FN-AC-270a.1 | (1) Number and (2) percentage of covered
employees with a record of investment-related
investigations, consumer-initiated complaints,
private civil litigations, or other regulatory
proceedings | We have no records of investment-related investigations, consumer-initiated
complaints or other regulatory proceedings that are pending or threatened
against any current employee.
Employees may engage in private civil litigation, but we are not aware of any
proceedings of significance.
FN-AC-270.2 | Total amount of monetary losses as a result of
legal proceedings associated with marketing and
communication of financial product related
information to new and returning customers | None.
FN-AC-270a.3 | Description of approach to informing customers
about products and services | 3i does not have ‘retail’ customers. It has shareholders, for whose benefit the
Company is managed. We also manage private funds and co-investment
vehicles, whose investors are professional clients, and various employee
carried interest vehicles. Please refer to pages 110-113 of our Annual report
and accounts 2024, available on www.3i.com/investor-relations for a
discussion of how we engage with our shareholders and fund investors.
Employee
Diversity &
Inclusion | FN-AC-330a.1 | Percentage of (1) gender and (2) diversity group
representation for (a) executive management, (b)
non-executive management, (c) professionals,
and (d) all other employees | We make partial disclosures under this heading due to our small headcount.
Please refer to the Sustainability Data Appendix available on
https://www.3i.com/sustainability/ and to pages 53, 54, 118 and 119 of our
Annual report and accounts 2024 available on www.3i.com/investor-relations

TOPIC CODE INDICATOR DETAILS
Incorporation of FN-AC-410a.1 Amount of assets under management, by asset Amount of assets under management that employ:
Environmental, class, that employ (1) integration of
(1) integration of ESG issues: 100% of total AUM (excluding some small
Social and environmental, social, and governance (ESG)
legacy and minority investments), 100% of Private Equity AUM (excluding
Governance issues, (2) sustainability themed investing and (3)
some small legacy and minority investments), 100% of Infrastructure
Factors (ESG) screening
AUM.
in Investment
(2) Sustainability themed investing: none, we do not manage thematic
Management &
sustainability assets or funds.
Advisory
(3) Screening: 100% of total AUM, 100% of Private Equity AUM; 100% of
Infrastructure AUM.
Please refer to pages 42-44 of our Annual report and accounts 2024 available
on www.3i.com/investor-relations and to our Responsible Investment policy,
available
[...]