The a2 Milk Company – 2024 SASB Standards 1
SASB STANDARDS
Sustainability Accounting Standard Board (“SASB”) Standards aims to identify the sustainability information that is financially
material to understanding how an organisation creates enterprise value. That information, also identified as ESG (environmental,
social, and governance) information, is designed for users whose primary objective is to improve economic decisions.
The a2 Milk Company (a2MC, the Company) does not yet fully align to SASB Standards. The index below is provided as a guide for
interested stakeholders to locate relevant disclosures from a2MC when referencing the SASB food and beverage – meat, poultry and
dairy standard.
All references to ‘Annual Report’ in the table below are to The a2 Milk Company’s 2024 Annual Report.
SASB Index – Food and beverage – meat, poultry and dairy
Topic Metric Reference
Greenhouse Gas Emissions – Gross global Scope 1 emissions Refer to page 38 of Annual Report
– Discussion of long-term and short-term strategy or for detail on Scope 1, 2 and 3.
plan to manage Scope 1 emissions, emissions reduction
targets, and an analysis of performance against those
targets
Energy Management – (1) Total energy consumed, Refer to page 38 of Annual Report
(2) percentage grid electricity, for energy consumption.
(3) percentage renewable
Water Management – (1) Total water withdrawn, Refer to page 39 of Annual Report
(2) total water consumed, percentage of each in regions for water management discussion
with High or Extremely High Baseline Water Stress and water disclosures related to
– Description of water management risks and discussion of manufacturing facilities.
strategies and practices to mitigate those risks a2MC does not currently measure
– Number of incidents of non-compliance with water water withdrawn, consumed
quality permits, standards, and regulations in every region or any non-
compliance. a2MC may consider
measurement and disclosure
in the future.
Land Use & Ecological Impacts – Amount of animal litter and manure generated, a2MC does not own its supplier
percentage managed according to a nutrient farms and does not currently
management plan. obtain this level of information.
– Percentage of pasture and grazing land managed a2MC may consider measurement
to conservation plan criteria and disclosure in the future.
– Animal protein production from confined animal
feeding operations
Food Safety – Global Food Safety Initiative (GFSI) audit Refer to page 49 of Annual Report
(1) non-conformance rate and for detail on product quality audits
(2) associated corrective action rate for and certifications.
(a) major and (b) minor non-conformances a2MC does not disclose recalls
– Percentage of supplier facilities certified to a Global or have any markets in which it is
Food Safety Initiative (GFSI) food safety certification banned.
program
– (1) Number of recalls issued and
(2) total weight of products recalled
– Discussion of markets that ban imports of the entity’s
products
Antibiotic Use in – Percentage of animal production that received a2MC does not own its supplier
Animal Production (1) medically important antibiotics and farms and does not currently
(2) not medically important antibiotics, by animal type obtain this level of information.
a2MC may consider measuring and
disclose in the future.
The a2 Milk Company – 2024 SASB Standards 2
Topic Metric Reference
Workforce Health & Safety – (1) Total recordable incident rate (TRIR) and Refer to page 27 of Annual Report
(2) fatality rate (a) direct employees and for detail on health and safety
(b) contract employees metrics.
– Description of efforts to assess, monitor, and mitigate Respiratory health disclosure are
acute and chronic respiratory health conditions not applicable for a2MC.
Animal Care & Welfare – Percentage of production certified to a third-party Refer to page 40 of Annual Report
animal welfare standard for detail on animal welfare
standards.
Environmental & Social Impacts – Percentage of livestock from suppliers implementing Refer to page 40 of Annual Report
of Animal Supply Chain conservation plan criteria or the equivalent for detail on animal welfare
– Percentage of supplier and contract production facilities standards.
verified to meet animal welfare standards
Animal Feed and Sourcing – Percentage of animal feed sourced from regions with a2MC does not own its supplier
High or Extremely High Baseline Water Stress farms and does not currently
– Percentage of contracts with producers located in obtain this level of information.
regions with High or Extremely High Baseline Water a2MC may consider measurement
Stress and disclosure in the future.
– Discussion of strategy to manage opportunities and risks
to feed sourcing and livestock supply presented
by climate change

[...]